docs: status description updated (#59)
SigmaHQ/sigma-specification: Sigma_specification.md

Declares the status of the rule:

> * stable: the rule didn't produce any obvious false positives in multiple environments over a long period of time
> * test: the rule doesn't show any obvious false positives on a limited set of test systems
> * experimental: an new rule that hasn't been tested outside of lab environments and could lead to many false positives
> * deprecated: the rule is replace or cover by another one. The link is made by the `related` field.
> * unsupported: the rule can not be use in its current state (special correlation log, home-made fields)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* stable: the rule didn't produce any obvious false positives in multiple environments over a long period of time
* test: the rule doesn't show any obvious false positives on a limited set of test systems
* experimental: a new rule that hasn't been tested outside of lab environments and could lead to many false positives
* deprecated: the rule is to replace or cover another one. The link between both rules is made via the `related` field.
* unsupported: the rule can not be used in its current state (special correlation log, home-made fields...etc.)
```
